Nightmare in Silver Cybermen (Doctor Who) vs. Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei

Battle Parameters
The Cybermen from the episode Nightmare in Silver are used in the battle, but they possess composite canonical feats, weaponry, and technology from other branches of the Cyberman "race". In this instance, "canonical" means any official Doctor Who media (TV series, audio dramas, comics, novels, etc.). The Cybermen are attempting to invade the world of Mahouka and either kill or cyberconvert all of its inhabitants. The Cybermen are led and coordinated by Mr. Clever, who possesses the intellect and knowledge of the Eleventh Doctor. For the purposes of this battle, assume that Mr. Clever has complete access to everything in the Doctor's brain. Also for the battle, assume the Cybermen start with the same manpower as the Pete's World Cybermen in the Battle of Canary Wharf (5 million).
The battle is set on the planet Earth as it is portrayed in Mahouka. The Magicians in the battle possess composite feats from the light novels, anime, and various manga series. Facing an incursion from the Cybermen, the Magicians are attempting to hold the line against the cybernetic invaders and will try their hardest to kill them. For the purposes of this battle, assume that all the factions on the Earth are forced to work together and coordinate their efforts to stop the Cybermen.
The Cybermen will invade the Earth in a manner just like the Pete's World Cybermen did in the Battle of Canary Wharf, by blending themselves into the Earth's population, then dropping the masquerade and attacking. The Cybermen will thus start in the same positions on the planet as the ones in the Battle of Canary Wharf. The Magicians will start the battle in the same places on Earth they typically hang out at for school/work.
The Cybermen may cyberconvert any humans they manage to capture and add them to their numbers. If possible, they may also cyberconvert dead humans as achieved by the Cybermen in the episode Death in Heaven.
The feats and abilities of Kroton and the Rassilon allied Cybermen are not counted towards this battle.
One side wins if it can eliminate everyone on the other side. Incapacitation is not acceptable as a victory condition.
Location: Earth as portrayed in Mahouka
Rounds:
Round 1: All combatants are in character and possess no knowledge of each other. No prep time.
Round 2: All combatants are in character and possess full knowledge of the opposing side's feats and capabilities. One week of prep time.
Round 3: Same as Round 1, but all combatants are bloodlusted.
https://redd.it/97pbof
